contributing.md, before:

# Contributing

Thank you for taking a look at how to contribute and submit your theme.

## Guidelines

1. Although clean, readable code is recommended, it is not required for the theme to be added to this repo as it is not officially supported. However that will greatly increase the chanced of using their theme.


## Instructions

1. Create a repo with the required files, such as `userChrome.css` and links to whatever extensions are needed.
2. Add suitable instrcutions.
3. Create the markdown for `FirefoxCSS.md`. Scroll to below.

## Markdown
The theme above will end with `---` and you can start by adding the image. **A square image is highly recommended, the width MUST be fixed at 350px**

```md
<img align="left" width="350px" src="">
```

After that, add a title with the format **Name by Author**, with links included. Like so:

```md
# [Name](https://github.com/...) by [Tnixc](https://github.com/...)
```
Note that both the links should be to the repo, not the author themselves.

Follow that, add a short description of the theme at most 4-5 lines long.
```md
A ... of ... in Firefox. Aims for ... Customizable ...
Inspired by ... by ...
```

**Most importanty, add an apporitate number of line breaks(`br`) to the end of your section** Note that the text should not wrap under the image when zoomed out.
```md
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
```
Lastly, add a divider to signify the end of the section
```md
---
```

### After the changes have been made correctly, open an issue under `dev` with the markdown attached.


## Example of markdown

<img align="left" width="350px" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1030274959886532618/1030466755216277594/unknown.png">

# [Vertical tabs](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox) by [Tnixc](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox)

A clean implementation of vertical tabs in Firefox. Inspired by [Flying Fox](https://github.com/akshat46/FlyingFox) by [akshat46](https://github.com/akshat46).


Start page can be found at my [dotfiles repo](https://github.com/tnixc).
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

---

```md
<img align="left" width="350px" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1030274959886532618/1030466755216277594/unknown.png">

# [Vertical tabs](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox) by [Tnixc](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox)

A clean implementation of vertical tabs in Firefox. Inspired by [Flying Fox](https://github.com/akshat46/FlyingFox) by [akshat46](https://github.com/akshat46).


Start page can be found at my [dotfiles repo](https://github.com/tnixc).
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

---
```

## Example of a repository

- https://github.com/andreasgrafen/cascade

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Isabelinc](https://github.com/Isabelincorp)
- [Tnixc](https://github.com/Tnixc)
&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a></p>

Commit message:

docs: moved instructions to contributing.md

contributing.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you for taking a look at how to contribute and submit your theme.

## Guidelines

1. Although clean, readable code is recommended, it is not required for the theme to be added to this repo as it is not officially supported. However that will greatly increase the chanced of using their theme.


## Instructions
1. Include instructions on how to use firefox css and the `chrome` folder. What you should include has been listed below.

> ### General instructions- enabling userChrome
> 1. Enable userChrome customisation in `about:config`
>     Navigate to `about:config` in the address bar and accept the risks.
> 
> 2. Search for `toolkit.legacyUserProfileCustomizations.stylesheets` and toggle it to `true` (by double clicking on it).
> 3. Locate and open your profile folder
> Either of the following two methods work:
> 
>     Using the Firefox troubleshooting page
>         Click on the ☰ icon ➝ `Help` ➝ `More Troubleshooting Information` or navigate to `about:support` in your address bar
>         Under Application Basics, click on the `about:profiles`. Open the folder.
> 
> 4. Create the folder and its files
> 
>     Inside your profile folder, create a new folder named `chrome` (all lower case)
> 
>     Inside the chrome folder, create two new files, `userChrome.css` and `userContent.css` (case sensitive)
>         Note: In Windows, you must disable the "Hide extensions for known file types" setting in Explorer. Once that's done, simply create a new text file (Right click ➝ New ➝ Text Document), then make sure to replace the .txt with .css

2. Create a repo with the required files, such as `userChrome.css` and links to whatever extensions are needed.
3. Add suitable instructions for extensions and the like.
4. Create the markdown for `FirefoxCSS.md`. Scroll down.

## Markdown
The theme above will end with `---` and you can start by adding the image. **A square image is highly recommended, the width MUST be fixed at 350px**

```md
<img align="left" width="350px" src="">
```

After that, add a title with the format **Name by Author**, with links included. Like so:

```md
# [Name](https://github.com/...) by [Tnixc](https://github.com/...)
```
Note that both the links should be to the repo, not the author themselves.

Follow that, add a short description of the theme at most 4-5 lines long.
```md
A ... of ... in Firefox. Aims for ... Customizable ...
Inspired by ... by ...
```

**Most importanty, add an apporitate number of line breaks(`br`) to the end of your section** Note that the text should not wrap under the image when zoomed out.
```md
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
```
Lastly, add a divider to signify the end of the section
```md
---
```

### After the changes have been made correctly, open an issue under `dev` with the markdown attached.


## Example of markdown

<img align="left" width="350px" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1030274959886532618/1030466755216277594/unknown.png">

# [Vertical tabs](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox) by [Tnixc](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox)

A clean implementation of vertical tabs in Firefox. Inspired by [Flying Fox](https://github.com/akshat46/FlyingFox) by [akshat46](https://github.com/akshat46).


Start page can be found at my [dotfiles repo](https://github.com/tnixc).
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

---

```md
<img align="left" width="350px" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1030274959886532618/1030466755216277594/unknown.png">

# [Vertical tabs](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox) by [Tnixc](https://github.com/tnixc/firefox)

A clean implementation of vertical tabs in Firefox. Inspired by [Flying Fox](https://github.com/akshat46/FlyingFox) by [akshat46](https://github.com/akshat46).


Start page can be found at my [dotfiles repo](https://github.com/tnixc).
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

---
```

## Example of a repository

- https://github.com/andreasgrafen/cascade

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Isabelinc](https://github.com/Isabelincorp)
- [Tnixc](https://github.com/Tnixc)
&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a></p>
